Week 2
Have formed a team. Assigned role of SCRUM Master to Kate Tsypkaykina
I have initieted the first stage of the project and created UML class and sequesnce diagrams and mockups for the first backlog.
Started working on the report for proposal
Had additional team meeting on Wednesday to clarify all the details.
Decided to work through Django tutorials before tuesday next week to have the common knowledge about the framework. 

Week 3
3 stages of Proposal writing and editing, 
Planned 4 epics and created the concept of the system datastorage and search and analyzing.
Draw the mockups for web app
Went through the gjango framework tutorials

Week 4
Mockups, methodology for posting jobs, matching jobs and cadidates are done, 
the architecture for the core part of the backend. 
Django rest api tutorial, first diving into the processes and the interface.

Week 5
Demo preparation, Django serialization tutorial,
Finalizing architechure and workflows of the system,
Group call with splitting the tasks and the full installation and integration of all the system.

Week 6
Matching functionality backend code for the search of the potential candidates
Matching functionality backend for the search of potential jobs, 
data preparation for testing and demo

Week 7
Start of Main page design, main page backend, logo design, 
Adding a third user (rebuilding recruiter into employer profile,
Reengineering of a new recruiter profile) 
Fixing Git isseues

Week 8
Methodology revised, several modifications into the architecture,
Started working on favourites, 
Continuing developing Main Page backend and starting frontend, and its integration with other pages

Week 9
Main page frontend and backend are done, 
Fixing and polishing Main page, fixing issues with BitBucket,
Brandig for all pages is done, favourites' backend is done.

Week 10
Demo is prepared, Favourites adding for candidates (frontend) done, fixing CSS's and minor bugs
Favourites backend for candidates and jobs is fixed and debugged

Week 11
Starting working on documentation
Preparing demo scenario, fixing issues with BitBucket
Working on frontend for favourites for jobs, fixing serialization and CSS.
Polishing and preparing system for demo, finalizing UI, fixing bugs, 

Week 12
Polishing and preparing system for demo, finalizing UI, fixing bugs, working on demo scenario
Preparing project report, gathering all the documentation,
Finalizing project report.


