Week2

Formed group with other 3 team members. We defined the scope of the project and decided the techniques we are going to use.
Since I have experience of frontend developing, I am going to take the frontend part.
For next step, We plan to make an App prototype before next Lab class.
Impletmented all pages in the mockup.

Week3
Finished prototype as planned, focus on frontpage building.
Had a meeting and finished the proposal.
Added new login page and register page.

Week4
Do not have too much code update this week, because I had two coding assiments to due for other courses.
Improved register page, it is able to redirect to profile page. Add frontend validation so that it is more user friendly to display register errors. 

Week5
Built different profile page for both candidates and recruiters, now the login page could redirect different users to their page automatically.
Impletmented tree structure to support skill trees. Impletmented pages for job posting, recruiters could post job and attach skill requirements correctly, candidates could view the post and requirements.
Resolve bugs to prapate for demo in week6.

Week6
Demoed our work during Tuesday.
Kept improving the interface of existed pages.
Enhanced job posting page, employers can add priority and proficiency requirements to posted jobs.
Refactored some conky pages with new css:
1. Re-make the profile page of users, now it has a fancy animation and good-looking interface.
2. Fixed some known layout bugs.

Week7
Build a front-end interface for job matching and finish the related bussiness logic for it. Improved the interface for candidate profile and recruiter interface. 
Build some new sub components for jobs and candidates display.
Refactored front-end logic.

Week8
Do not have too much code update this week, working on other assiments.
Did some style refactors.

Week10
Demo and bug fixing.

Week11
Adjusted the styles to keep all pages consistent.

Week12
Feature freezed, so did bug fixing and prepared final report.

